# Overall

momentum is a system with a design language and software architecture. Initially, our team created Cooperate UI in order to better unify Cisco's design language, and the momentum system was born out of this.

## What is new?

Compared with the past, the present momentum is more systematic. We strengthen the associations between the intrinsic elements of momentum, while decoupling some system elements.

+ ### Static elements

We have released a new package momentum-abstract. You can find all design tokens, icons, sounds, etc. elements here. In the past, these elements were scattered within various software packages containing logic.

+ ### Automated process

The momentum team started writing code tools to automate the release flow. This saves us a lot of errors caused by manual operations.

+ ### Tools for construction

We have established the momentum-constructor code repository on github for publishing various construction tools.

+ ### Version control

The momentum team implemented a new version control plan, relying on the centralization and automation of momentum-abstract, which will be more reliable. At the same time, projects using the momentum-constructor building tool will be easier to upgrade to newer versions.

+ ### New components

More new teams have joined momentum and they are helping us develop various component libraries.

# Webex

The momentum system serves all aspects of the Cisco system, and you can get a feel for the momentum design by using Webex.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/zdZCGln8yus" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>